meanwhile people in the southern city of
Rafa are bracing for Israel to launch
its ground offensive 1 and a half
million people are now living there many
are displaced after fleeing the violence
in Northern and Central Gaza conditions
in Rafa are deteriorating with food and
medical supplies scarce One hospital is
overwhelmed and struggling to keep
newborns
alive these infants are supposed to be
in separate incubators but they have to
share the life-saving machines at this
over crowded maternity hospital in Rafa
doctors say sepsis is spreading among
the babies and mortality rates are
[Music]
soaring in one shift two or three
children die under normal circumstances
it would be one or two deaths a month
but now we lose children every day and
the only thing they are guilty of is
living in
Gaza most newborns come from tent cities
where their families fled to to escape
Israeli bombardments their living
conditions are contributing to their
poor health doctors here say their
efforts are in vain the babies return to
the tents after receiving treatment only
to become ill
again mothers are standing by hoping
their children will be placed in an
[Music]
incubator this child should be in an
incubator like the one over there an
incubator that is safe warm and has
medicine for a child who is a few days
old doctors should also be available to
treat him but because of the number of
children they're keeping us here so I
can take care of my son instead of him
being in an
incubator gaza's Health Care system is
failing as Israeli forces try to
eliminate Hamas in response to the
October 7 Terror
attacks the United Nations has warned
that a ground offensive in Rafa could
have catastrophic
consequences